csharp/general: add invalid signature comment (#1236)
exercism/website-copy: automated-comments/csharp/general/invalid_method_signature.md

> The signature of the `%{name}` method should be `%{signature}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change the signature of the `%{name}` method to be `%{signature}`.
```

Maybe?
